Prompt history on requested changes

§7. Well-defining "configuration": A configuration consists of two components: one or more data provider (configuration) and one prompt (configuration). It has name (eg. eBay) and a version (eg. 202603-01 <-- stands for first release in Mar 2026).  It may have private (in the authenticated area of a single user) or publically accessible (think of it like an item on a market place). A data provider is what is now the "provider" at the daemon component, extracting from email (later on, there could be a data provider extracting from SMS). Once a configuration version is publically accessible, the view on the "unmatched" email (or other type of raw data) may not be visible to users, to increase data privacy.
Please implement the following topology in the context of configurations (for now, only the daemon part, just plan upcoming changes for the chrome extension): The notion of a configuration exists on both components (daemon and client), it is fully stored at the daemon, and only need-to-know details are stored at the client. A configuration can be created at both components, providers however are only created at the daemon (and assigned to a configuration), and prompt are created only at the client (and assigend to a configuration). Data synchronization is triggered only from the client. To that end, the lifecycle of a configuration is as follows: 1. A configuration is created (eg. at the daemon), 2. data provider is created (eg from an unmatched email) and assigned to the configuration, 3. client adds prompt settings to the configuration - now the configuration is complete, and it becomes activatable (can be done at both components). 4. Only after 3 (parameter subject to admin settings) success runs (3x from email to prompt insertion without errors) the configuration has the status "tested", and stores also the timestamps of completion from both components per run. A tested configuration can be requested for publication. If accepted, it becomes public. 5. Users can subscribe to a public configuration that is available in a list (called Marketplace). 6. The market place and list of subscribed configurations (along with user's other account settings) are accessible at the daemon which provides an account settings page that can be called from the client (to reduce duplication on both components). The users to apply for publication of a pre-owned configuration, are thereafter automatically subscribed to that configuration, but the configuration is no longer available as "private configuration" but lists only as subscription.

§8. UI at daemon is a admin-only interface, I need an authenticated-user UI with a few extra features that are only available to admin users. Starting with those: a) Admin users can list/add/edit/delete other users, a user is set by username, password, email address and admin flag b) Admin users can approve and delete Market Place entries (Configurations). c) Admin users are those user with an admin flag or if only one users exists in the DB, it's that user (i.e. all users). The authenticated-user UI (admins have those features, too, as they are authenticated users) provides d) password change e) market place & subscription f) list of subscribed configuration g) list of owned/private configurations including CRUD capabilities (add, edit, etc.) as described in change 7 on the concept of configuration.

§9. Application for the market place shall include a description to be added to the configuration. In the data model, the description can be a permanently attribute of the configuration but not mandatory in private-access mode. Subscribed configurations stick (no auto update) but show an update button, if newer version are available. There's also the option to create a private-access configuration from a public configuration, this is like a copy construction in C++. Note however, once a configuration is public, the data provider email (or comparable raw-data information) will no longer be visible, and even deleted during "copy" constructor execution.

§10. User UI should have also a Support section to set-up 3rd party email providers for forwarding. For now, there's only one 3rd party mail provider relevant: Gmail. This section shall provide an XML file (including all email data providers active) to be imported as filters to Gmail.
